Heather welcome to my hot clip drip tip
a half lip is a combination of a full
search of it and a kickflip proposition
for half it is quite simple fun foot in
the kickflip position right in the
middle of the board it's a 45 degree
angle toward news back foot just put it
in the foot side should position nothing
special about her really and so when you
come to combine them remember with your
front foot you on a flip more off to the
side and straight up this book us when
you're scooping with the front side
shelf the poor is going to do that if
you struck out if you scrape straight up
just going to hit the ball so and then
click more out then pop and a thing
that's hard to get used to with half
lips it's the fact that board flips in
between your legs like this it took me a
while to get used to doing that but just
keep practicing and you'll get it
another thing with half lips is that you
have to face forward rather than keeping
shot is parallel to the board so one the
winner when the boards on the split
you're going to still be facing forward
and then when it comes bring your body
back to apples a few problems with half
lips and the board is only slipping
halfway just because your front foot is
not in my position it needs to be right
in the middle dead are in the middle of
45 degree angle
and if the board's not spinning up and
just scoop more with the back door
that's it really so just watch these
examples and if you have more questions
feel free to us